## Day-3 Experience in Internship_surfboard Payments:

On Day3 Morning, I wake up nearly 5'clock and I have refreshing for some times to write the essay and after refreshing.I started to write the essay nearly,I try to write thousand words but i can able to write nearly seven hundred words only, afterwards we refreshed and went to the office nearly 9'clock and we had our breakfast and tea in office. and I conveyed to my mentor, I could not able to finish the thousand words essay for that my mentor told thay you should try to finish the thousand words essay then, I tried my level best to complete the essay in thousand words and its difficult for me to complete the essay in thousand words and I try to put my hard word to complete the essay and finally i completed the essay in thousand words, afterwards i uploaded the articles in github by using the terminals.

Day by day I am learning something new in internship and mainly i want to convey a one message,the message was i want to convey is in some other companies they will show the partiality between the person to person but in surfboard payments company is not like that, they treating the person in good manner and surfboard  employers are very good and there is no partiality between others and they treating the person equally and giving the respect to each other, then they trying to help each and every one if we had any dout about anythings and they clearing our douts and explaining properly untill we understand it. likewise i impressed in surfboard payments company.

And i was eagerly waiting for the session to start but unfortunately they did not start the session in morning by using the free time i learnt the markup language,how to write in the terminals, in between i had some errors and i asked to the mentors then they clear the douts, afterwards i had some other douts in markup language and that douts cleared by the other mentors in surfboard.

What i was learnt in the markup languages is- How to change the normal text into **BOLD**, *ITALIC* and ***BOLD ITALIC***.
In markup languages, it contains the many rules and condition to apply for it.

	* In fitst step i learnt how to write in the heading, for that we should type the ash sign and we should give the one space, then we should type the headings, we should type the double ash and it will decrease the heading size, if we give the three ash in the heading and it decrease into small size. This what i lernt the condition for heading.
	* In second step i learnt how to write in the bold, In Markup languages it don’t agree on how to handle underscores in the middle of a word. its is compatibility to use asterisks to bold the middle of a word for emphasis.
	* In third step i learnt how to write in the italic, In markup languages it don’t agree on how to handle underscores in the middle of a word. For compatibility, use asterisks to italicize the middle of a word for emphasis.
	* In fourth step i learnt how to write in the bold italic, In markup languages it don’t agree on how to handle underscores in the middle of a word. For compatibility, use asterisks to bold and italicize the middle of a word for emphasis.
	* In fifth step i learnt how to write the paragraph in markup languages,To create a paragraphs, use a blank line to separate one or more lines of text,Unless the paragraph is in a list, don’t indent paragraphs with spaces or tabs.

Afterward we had a lunch and it was good and I had some fun with others, then I played a table tennis with colleague for some times and finally we had classes on the evening session,then mentors asked some question to each and others and its was really fun. The session went like that for some times,the mentor gaved the some puzzle to solve. 

**The question was- Starting configuration for the quarrasi lock problems. You must slide the three kratzz bars, currently in the right receptor,to the left without setting off either alarm. A sensor is lit when an even numbers of star-shaped quinicrys apper in the column above,and alarm sound if exactly one connected sensor light up.Suppressors can keep an alarm from sounding,but only for the receptor where you are standing.**

The mentors gives the puzzle question, I did have any idea to solve the puzzle, afterwards mentors seperated the groups into three after seperating the group and we made a group discussion some think went like funny and we got an idea to solve the puzzle, while solving the puzzle we got the answer nearly to that but mentor gaved to solve the puzzle in only ten minutes, afterwards the time get overed , then mentors told the solution for the puzzle and what we are finding the solution for puzzle that is correct, but we could not able to complete with in the time limit, So I want to improve my thinking skill more and more. For me its taking some time to understang the problems and I am trying to improve that skills.

**The answer for this question is**- It has two receptor left receptor and another is right receptor in that it has three box receptor arranged in vertically and each receptor having the two alarm in downwards, next to alarm having alarm suppressor in both sides, the solution for this problem is, first we should move the second receptor which is in right side to the left side and we should come back and to the right side receptor and we should move the third receptor to the left side, the alarm will indicates then we should press the left side suppressor button, again we should move the second receptor to the right side and press the alarm suppressor in right side, then move the first receptor to the left side and come back again to the right side and move again the second receptor to the left side of the receptor.
